```txt
Thought: Synthesize Momentum and Volatility Factors with Enhanced Composite Signals and Price-Velocity Based Momentum
    Sub-Thought: Calculate the 1-day, 5-day, 20-day, and 60-day returns to capture short, medium, and long-term trends.
        Sub-Thought: Use the 1-day return as a factor to predict future returns, as recent upward trends might continue.
        Sub-Thought: Use the 5-day return as a factor to predict future returns, capturing short-term trend movements.
        Sub-Thought: Use the 20-day return as a factor to predict future returns, focusing on medium-term performance.
        Sub-Thought: Use the 60-day return as a factor to predict future returns, reflecting long-term trends.
    Sub-Thought: Evaluate the volatility of the stock using the standard deviation of daily returns over a 20-day period.
        Sub-Thought: Use the 20-day standard deviation as a factor to predict future returns, as higher volatility might indicate higher risk and potential return.
    Sub-Thought: Analyze trading volume to gauge market interest and liquidity.
        Sub-Thought: Calculate the 5-day average trading volume to identify changes in market interest.
            Sub-Thought: Use the 5-day average trading volume as a factor to predict future returns, as increased volume might indicate increasing market interest.
        Sub-Thought: Calculate the 20-day average trading volume to determine overall liquidity.
            Sub-Thought: Use the 20-day average trading volume as a factor to predict future returns, with higher liquidity potentially leading to more stable returns.
    Sub-Thought: Assess support and resistance levels using high and low prices.
        Sub-Thought: Calculate the number of days where the close price is above the 20-day moving average.
            Sub-Thought: Use this count as a factor to predict future returns, as stocks above their moving average may have bullish momentum.
        Sub-Thought: Calculate the number of days where the close price is below the 20-day moving average.
            Sub-Thought: Use this count as a factor to predict future returns, as stocks below their moving average may have bearish momentum.
    Sub-Thought: Consider the relationship between open and close prices to evaluate intraday sentiment.
        Sub-Thought: Calculate the proportion of up days (days where close > open) over a 20-day period.
            Sub-Thought: Use the proportion of up days as a factor to predict future returns, as a higher proportion may indicate a positive intraday sentiment.
        Sub-Thought: Calculate the proportion of down days (days where close < open) over a 20-day period.
            Sub-Thought: Use the proportion of down days as a factor to predict future returns, as a higher proportion may indicate a negative intraday sentiment.
    Sub-Thought: Calculate Price Velocity
        Sub-Thought: Daily Close Price Change
            Sub-Thought: Use Close price of day t
            Sub-Thought: Subtract Close price of day t-1
    Sub-Thought: Calculate Short-Term EMA
        Sub-Thought: Use Close price
        Sub-Thought: Use 12-day span for EMA
    Sub-Thought: Calculate Long-Term EMA
        Sub-Thought: Use Close price
        Sub-Thought: Use 26-day span for EMA
    Sub-Thought: Calculate EMA Difference
        Sub-Thought: Subtract Long-Term EMA from Short-Term EMA
    Sub-Thought: Generate Composite Momentum Signal
        Sub-Thought: Multiply EMA Difference by Current Day's Volume
        Sub-Thought: Incorporate Price Acceleration
            Sub-Thought: Use Calculated Velocity of day t
            Sub-Thought: Subtract Calculated Velocity of day t-1
    Sub-Thought: Adjust Momentum by Volume Shock
        Sub-Thought: (Short-Term Momentum - Long-Term Momentum)
        Sub-Thought: Multiply by Volume Change
            Sub-Thought: (Volume[t] - Volume[t-1]) / Volume[t-1]
    Sub-Thought: Introduce Volume Weighted Price Momentum
        Sub-Thought: Calculate Volume Weighted Average Price
            Sub-Thought: Use (High + Low + Close) / 3 of day t
            Sub-Thought: Use Volume of day t
        Sub-Thought: Sum of Weighted Prices over 7 days
            Sub-Thought: Σ (Volume Weighted Average Price of t-6 to t)
    Sub-Thought: Incorporate High-Low Range Volatility
        Sub-Thought: Calculate Daily High-Low Range
            Sub-Thought: Use High of day t
            Sub-Thought: Use Low of day t
        Sub-Thought: Compute Average Range
            Sub-Thought: Σ (High - Low) of last 7 days / 7
